Extract row count and data size metadata from UnityCatalog (#683)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/unity_catalog/profile/README.md

# Unity Catalog Data Profiling Connector

This connector extracts dataset-level data profiles from Unity Catalog using the [Unity Catalog API](https://api-docs.databricks.com/rest/latest/unity-catalog-api-specification-2-1.html).

## Setup

Create an access token in the Databrick workspace > `User setting` > `Access tokens`.

Data lineage should be anbled by default for all workspaces that reference Unity Catalog. You can manually enable it by following [these instructions](https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/enable-workspaces.html)

> > Refer to [this document](https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/data-lineage.html#limitations) to understand the limtations of Unity Catalog's data lineage.

Reviewer: Should talk about the permissions needed.

## Config File

Create a YAML config file based on the following template.

### Required Configurations

```yaml
host: <workspace_url>
token: <access_token>
output:
  file:
    directory: <output_directory>
```

See [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information on `output`.

### Optional Configurations

See [Filter Configurations](../common/docs/filter.md) for more information on the optional `filter` config.

> ### Warehouse ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Warehouse ID
```

> To run the connector with a specific warehouse, simply add its id in the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the queries using a specific warehouse, simply add its ID in the configuration file:
```
